how to install mongoosh to your application?
npm install mongodb

mongoose is similiar to an ......mongodb?
Object Data Modeling (ODM) 


In angular, you can hide/remove HTML element using?
*ngIf

HOW to create the component in the angular application?
ng generate component my-component

Below construct provide modular structure to the angular application?
ngmodule

which router function should be called in to feed route configration for lazy routing approach?
route for child

The .....the directive substitutes the normal href property and makes it easier to work with route links in angular?
routelink

In angular ....the directive allows us to  iterate through a colllection?
ngfor

we can implement two-way data binding using?
[(ngmodel)]

command to check existence of collection is.....?
show collections

RxJS can be used for?
browser server side both

JWT stand for?
JWT stands for JSON Web Token.

how to add JWT to in your application?
npm add-save jsonWebToken

which of the command is used to build and serves your app,rebuilding on file changes?
ng serve

Angular square-bracket syntax[()] which signify a ....?
property binding

which of the method is responsibal for listening for incoming messages?
socketon()
how to create an interface in the angular application?
ng install i interfaceName


The router is part of angular code mode such as @angular/core?
true

the router is part of which of the following module?
@angular/router


you can define 404 route using below wide card route path?
**

in angular application there can be at most one can be used for routing?
true

which decorator is used for declaring the class as a service?
@Injectable()

....used to build projects for a development environment which minimizes development efforts in terms of performance?
ng init

...allows you emit custom events on the server and client?
socketon

....has a command to create your own component.

















